Limited Atlas Serverless Support (#5)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/mongodb/limitations-serverless-instances.rst

You can link a `serverless instance

> <https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas/serverless?tck=docs_realm>`__ to

Reviewer: what's "?tck=docs_realm" for? just curious

your app as a MongoDB data source. However, serverless instances do not

> currently support change streams, so some features are limited:

Reviewer: nit suggestion

```suggestion
currently support change streams, so the following features are limited:
```
